as you may have noticed the new nine
thousand nine hundred and seventy pound
Volvo 440 has been restyled both inside
and out in fact it has so many new
features if it's a machine to spoil the
new nine thousand nine hundred seventy
pound Volvo 440 a car you can believe in
recharge your batteries at a Forte post
house do you really need to relax this
evening we charge just 53 pounds fifty
per room tonight you will notice the
change at 40 post house call fee phone
Oh 840 1440 finish have come up with a
different form of detergent
each concentrated tablet contains
exactly the right amount to finish
cleaning tower even a really dirty
dishes like this simply pop one in and
leave the cleaning finish there
brilliant as they say all good things
come in small packages
brilliant cleaning starts with finish
shape up for summer with mr. motivator
save over 17 pounds at Weight Watchers
your registration and first meeting free
Plus this free recipe book and mr. motor
Dasia water it's only thunder magazine
free
the world
mountain-grown beans
if max will have seeds from great
mountain gravity
would you like to get your savings into
better shape yes would you like your
money to work harder well would you like
an absolutely free video from TSB a
video that covers everything from
straightforward savings to stocks and
shares yes then call oh three four five
one two three nine hundred for your copy
of the TSB savings and investment video
because we want you to say okay I give
up cats like Phoenix Mike Felix
sail into the heart of Scandinavia in
Scandinavian sea ways luxury and
discover how ability experience can be
in the land of the Midnight Sun holiday
cottages from 144 pounds the summer high
can reach 80 degrees city breaks are
from 132 pounds for an open road to
Scandinavia and Germany take a
Scandinavian Seaways motoring holiday
for a brochure see your travel agent or
call eight hundred three hundred nine
hundred now